com/example/bloodblank/MainActivityVPAdapter.java
 com.example.bloodblank.MainActivityVPAdapter
com/example/bloodblank/VPAdapter.java
 com.example.bloodblank.VPAdapter
com/example/bloodblank/Database.java
 com.example.bloodblank.Database
com/example/bloodblank/DonorInformation.java
 com.example.bloodblank.DonorInformation
com/example/bloodblank/AwarenessVPAdapter.java
 com.example.bloodblank.AwarenessVPAdapter
com/example/bloodblank/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.bloodblank.BuildConfig
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/DeveloperInfoLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.DeveloperInfoLayoutBinding
com/example/bloodblank/BloodDonations.java
 com.example.bloodblank.BloodDonations
 com.example.bloodblank.BloodDonations$1
 com.example.bloodblank.BloodDonations$2
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/BloodTypeAvailableLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.BloodTypeAvailableLayoutBinding
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/DonorInformationCardBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.DonorInformationCardBinding
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/BloodGroupAvailableLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.BloodGroupAvailableLayoutBinding
com/example/bloodblank/AwarenessFragment.java
 com.example.bloodblank.AwarenessFragment
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/NoBloodDonationAvailableBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.NoBloodDonationAvailableBinding
com/example/bloodblank/DonationFragment.java
 com.example.bloodblank.DonationFragment
 com.example.bloodblank.DonationFragment$1
 com.example.bloodblank.DonationFragment$2
 com.example.bloodblank.DonationFragment$3
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/bloodblank/DonateBloodFragment.java
 com.example.bloodblank.DonateBloodFragment
 com.example.bloodblank.DonateBloodFragment$1
 com.example.bloodblank.DonateBloodFragment$2
 com.example.bloodblank.DonateBloodFragment$3
com/example/bloodblank/MainActivity.java
 com.example.bloodblank.MainActivity
com/example/bloodblank/FirstFragment.java
 com.example.bloodblank.FirstFragment
 com.example.bloodblank.FirstFragment$1
com/example/bloodblank/DonationAppreciation.java
 com.example.bloodblank.DonationAppreciation
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/ActivityDonorInformationBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.ActivityDonorInformationBinding
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/FragmentDonationBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.FragmentDonationBinding
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/ContentDonationAppreciationBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.ContentDonationAppreciationBinding
com/example/bloodblank/BloodGroupRVAdapter.java
 com.example.bloodblank.BloodGroupRVAdapter
 com.example.bloodblank.BloodGroupRVAdapter$1
 com.example.bloodblank.BloodGroupRVAdapter$2
 com.example.bloodblank.BloodGroupRVAdapter$BloodGroupRVHolder
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/ActivityAwarenessBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.ActivityAwarenessBinding
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/FragmentFirstBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.FragmentFirstBinding
com/example/bloodblank/AboutUsActivity.java
 com.example.bloodblank.AboutUsActivity
com/example/bloodblank/AwarenessActivity.java
 com.example.bloodblank.AwarenessActivity
com/example/bloodblank/DonationRVAdapter.java
 com.example.bloodblank.DonationRVAdapter
 com.example.bloodblank.DonationRVAdapter$DonationViewHolder
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/ActivityAboutUsBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.ActivityAboutUsBinding
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/FragmentSecondBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.FragmentSecondBinding
com/example/bloodblank/AvailabilityFragment.java
 com.example.bloodblank.AvailabilityFragment
com/example/bloodblank/SplashScreen.java
 com.example.bloodblank.SplashScreen
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/FragmentAwarenessBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.FragmentAwarenessBinding
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/BloodDonationDonorInfoLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.BloodDonationDonorInfoLayoutBinding
com/example/bloodblank/BloodDonationsActivity.java
 com.example.bloodblank.BloodDonationsActivity
 com.example.bloodblank.BloodDonationsActivity$1
 com.example.bloodblank.BloodDonationsActivity$2
com/example/bloodblank/DonorInformationActivity.java
 com.example.bloodblank.DonorInformationActivity
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/FragmentAvailabilityBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.FragmentAvailabilityBinding
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/DonationInfoCardBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.DonationInfoCardBinding
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenBinding
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/FragmentDonatBloodBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.FragmentDonatBloodBinding
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/ActivityBloodDonationsBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.ActivityBloodDonationsBinding
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/DeveloperInfoFemaleBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.DeveloperInfoFemaleBinding
com/example/bloodblank/databinding/ActivityDonationAppreciationBinding.java
 com.example.bloodblank.databinding.ActivityDonationAppreciationBinding
